= Bumps

<b>IN PROGRESS!!!</b>

* http://github.com/brentsnook/bumps

Bumps adds some spice to {Cucumber}[http://cukes.info] by allowing you to pull features and push run results to and from a remote server. This means that your feature files no longer need to live with your steps and other code.

Bumps has been designed to work with a {Google Wave robot}[http://code.google.com/apis/wave/extensions/robots/] to allow feature text to be stored and edited inside of a wave. It should remain usable with any server that confirms to the {push/pull contract}[[http://wiki.github.com/brentsnook/pushpullcontract] but will evolve in line with Wave technology.

See the {wiki}[http://wiki.github.com/brentsnook/bumps] for more details.

== Installation

  sudo gem install bumps

=== Building the Gem yourself

Grab the code from github:

  git clone git://github.com/brentsnook/bumps.git
  cd bumps
  rake install_gem

== How do I use it?

First, start up a server that meets the {push/pull contract}[[http://wiki.github.com/brentsnook/pushpullcontract].

Secondly, bung this inside of your <b>env.rb</b> (or equivalent, just make sure it is under the feature directory):

  require 'bumps'
  Bumps.configure { use_server 'http://mycompliantserver.com' }

Lastly, just run Cukes as normal.

  cucumber myfeaturedirectory

Bumps will pull feature files into the specified feature directory, run cukes and then push the results back to the server. It should also spit out some messages to this effect.

You must also remember the following things:

* you may only give cucumber a single argument to specify feature
* the feature argument you give cucumber must be creatable as a directory
* don't feed your mogwai after midnight

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Brent Snook http://fuglylogic.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.